[esp32_rmt] Updates for IDF 5+ changes (#4480)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/remote_transmitter.rst

-  **carrier_duty_percent** (*Optional*, int): How much of the time the remote is on. For example, infrared
   protocols modulate the signal using a carrier signal. Set this to ``50%`` if you're working with IR LEDs and to
   ``100%`` if working with other things like 433MHz transmitters.

> -  **id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`): Manually specify
>    the ID used for code generation. Use this if you have multiple remote transmitters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`): Manually specify
   the ID used for code generation. Useful when multiple
  transmitters are connected to a single device.
```

ESP32 IDF configuration variables:

> - **rmt_symbols** (*Optional*, int): If ``use_dma`` is enabled ``rmt_symbols`` represents the size of the drivers
>   internal DMA buffer. If DMA is not used ``rmt_symbols`` controls the amount of RMT memory allocated to this component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **rmt_symbols** (*Optional*, int): If ``use_dma`` is enabled, ``rmt_symbols`` represents the size of the driver's
  internal DMA buffer. If DMA is not enabled, ``rmt_symbols`` determines the amount of RMT memory allocated to this component.
```
